---
title: Publication of the Proceedings of the 13th Generative Linguistics in the Old World in Asia (GLOW in Asia XIII)
date: 2022-12-01

---
Proceedings of the 13th Generative Linguistics in the Old World in Asia (GLOW in Asia XIII), edited by team members Yuqiao DU, Dr. Zhuo CHEN, Xiangyu LI, and Zetao XU, and Prof. Junnan PAN is now available on https://ling.cuhk.edu.hk/glowxiii/Proceedings_of_GLOW-In_Asia_XIII.pdf

<!--more-->

**Abstract**
This volume contains regular talks and flash-talks presented at the 13th Generative Linguistics in the Old World in Asia (GLOW in Asia XIII) 2022 Online Special, Hong Kong, on August 4-7, 2022. Following the successful hosting of GLOW in Asia VI at the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2007, we are once again honored to host GLOW in Asia XIII. Although the conference had to opt for an online mode due to the pandemic crisis, we received a substantial number of abstracts from all over the world. A total of 23 regular and 15 flash-talk presentations were selected and presented during the three-day Main Session of the conference, and 9 regular talks were delivered during the Workshop on Workspace, MERGE and Labeling. All of the talks represented most up-to-date research findings in a wide range of subfields in generative linguistics. We were privileged to have five distinguished scholars to present their research as the keynote speeches (in presentation orders): Željko Bošković (University of Connecticut), Ayesha Kidwai (Jawaharlal Nehru University), Caterina Donati (Université Paris Cité), Rajesh Bhatt (University of Massachusetts Amherst), Mamoru Saito (Notre Dame Seishin University). The conference drew over 400 participants and we had excellent discussions throughout the four days. We thank the Chinese University of Hong Kong for their generous funding; we would also like to thank Prof. Mamoru Saito from the University of Notre Dame, Prof. Anoop Mahajan from University of California Los Angeles, Prof. Željko Bošković from the University of Connecticut, Prof. Myungkwan Park from Dongguk University, and Prof. Michael Barrie from Sogang University, as well as other GLOW executive members for sharing their expertise and assisting the organization GLOW in Asia XIII. Finally, we express our deepest gratitude to the abstract reviewers who have contributed to the overall quality of the conference. 
